Grays - defensive fodder, slow and barely shoots
Brown - random fodder, slow and randomly shoots
Greens - leisurely fodder, only shoots on LOS
Orange - kamikaze
Blues - defensive, leads fast bullets
Yellow - bees, aggros on sight, interval shot
Red - Bull, always aggro, fast lead shots
Pink - passive healer, random shots reapirs enemies (those with multiple health points)
Black - Bullet hell, fast and constant shots, ricochet always (never los)
Purple - Maxed stats, always aggro, fast burst shots

Dark Tanks gain ricochet capabilities (if no los, calculate all ricochets, if none work, select the path with bullet getting closest to player, check los against breakable walls so maybe a burst can destroy it?)
Shaded Tanks gain buffs to a random stat (based on player buffs?)


Movement Speeds: Sluggish, Slow, Moderate, Quick, Fast
Movement Types: Defensive, Passive, Offensive
Shooting Direction: Random, Player, Lead Shot, Spread
Shooting Interval: Random, Set, LOS
Bullet Bounce: 
Bullet Strength: 
Bullet Types: Normal, Rocket, Torpedo, Missile

Shitty tanks, work on pixel tanks for the game. gonna stay html5 pixi so i can show off, either way i just gotta add some banger pixel art in and itll already be hella nice. add some cool rng and level variation and ill be gucci overall honestly. then I can pop off with a famicom ost track, something hard hitting like the evolution if dedede theme and how his first is actuy the best. also figure out the turret thingy

transfer my tanks game into github or maybe even itchio orboth, also make sure the html surrounding it is kinda sick. keep the documentation and the sketches cuz its cool to have that stuff, obviously make it more glamouros



intelligent random level generator
custom raycasting
intelligent pathfinding for AI, intelligent behavior for aiming, being aggressive or defensive




Todo----------
UI
Sprites
Collisions
Main Menu
Tutorial
Randomization Seed


For the tansk game, have like a 5 level tutorial easy level kinda deal. Then there's the real mode with the endless roguelike mode where the goal is to reach 100 floors or something. Every 5 levels there's either a tiny or small reward, chances increases with how quickly the preceding 5 levels were finished (maybe based off points?). Every 10 levels there's a small upgrade, with a max of 3 (if you have more than 3 you will have to replace one of your old uiopgrades). At 50 levels in, you unlock a new theme as well as a large reward that you can choose (perma move speed up, perma faster bullets, perma extra bounce, perma faster shooting, etc). Have a glossary of possible enemies.
